vim .rec 
rm .rec 
ls -al
vim check_history.py
ls -al
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py\
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py\
vim check_history.py
vim check_history.py\
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py\
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
vim check_history.py
python3 check_history.py 
exit
